Service now audit (#33614)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_6_0.md

#### Integrations

##### New: ServiceNow Event Collector

> - New: Use this integration to fetch audit logs from Service Now as Cortex XSIAM events.(Available from Cortex XSIAM 2.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: Use this integration to fetch audit logs from ServiceNow as Cortex XSIAM events.(Available from Cortex XSIAM 2.0.0).
```
